Now before diving into event filters
or activity types, let me briefly dive
into the available events in general first.
And I did mention this earlier in the course already.
With GitHub Actions, there is a broad variety
of event triggers you can add to your workflows.
Most of them are Repository-related,
like for example triggering a workflow
whenever a commit is pushed to the Repository
or when some pull request-related action occurs.
But there also are some events
which are not directly Repository-related.
For example, you can manually dispatch and trigger
your workflows, or you could create a schedule
so that a certain workflow is executed
every couple of hours or once a day or anything like that.
And whilst we will see many key events
and triggers in action throughout this course
and in this section here, it's best to also explore
the official documentation to learn about
all available events and read more about them.
Here you learn more about the different events
that can be assigned to your workflows.
You learn more about when exactly
an event accounts asked triggered,
so when exactly those events occur.
And you'll learn more about using
and configuring these events,
though that's also something we'll take a closer look at
in this course section.